name
last: Cotter
first: Harry

meta
throws: Right

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Greensboro
league: North Carolina State
position: P

residence
place: US, MD, Baltimore
date: 1915

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-03-15, page 8

---

name
last: Sheehan
first: L.J.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Greensboro
league: North Carolina State
position: OF

residence
place: US, PA, Sayre
date: 1915

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-03-15, page 8

---

name
last: Welch
first: Ernest

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Greensboro
league: North Carolina State
position: IF

residence
place: US, NC, High Point
date: 1915

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-03-15, page 8

---

name
last: Baker
first: Esau

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: C

note: released

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-07-22, page 8

---

name
last: Carnes

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State

note: last name was mistakenly written as Ennis in boxscores

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-07-14, page 6

---

name
last: Baker

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: C

affiliation
type: player
league: Georgia-Alabama League
position: C

note: teammate of Decatur in Georgia-Alabama League

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-07-15, page 6

---

name
last: Decatur

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: P

affiliation
type: player
club: Talladega
league: Georgia-Alabama League
position: P

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-07-17, page 6

---

name
last: Crow

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: IF

affiliation
type: player
club: Talladega
league: Georgia-Alabama League
position: IF

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-07-17, page 6

---

name
last: Baker

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: C

affiliation
type: player
club: Talladega
league: Georgia-Alabama League
position: C

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-07-17, page 6

---

name
last: Carnes

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: 3B

residence
place: US, VA, Big Stone Gap
date: 1915

note: released

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-07-17, page 6

---

name
last: Convery
first: Bill

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charlotte
league: North Carolina State
position: P

note: started preseason with Winston-Salem

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-07-17, page 6

---

name
last: Convery
first: William

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: P

residence
place: US, PA, Philadelphia
date: 1915

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-03-22, page 7

---

name
last: Cotter
first: Harry

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Greensboro
league: North Carolina State
position: P

residence
place: US, MD, Baltimore
date: 1915

meta
throws: Right

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-03-15, page 10

---

name
last: Dunn
first: Mike

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: IF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Trenton
league: Tri-State
position: IF

residence
place: US, NJ, Jersey City
date: 1915

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-03-06, page 7

---

name
last: Egan
first: Thomas

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: C

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Jersey City
league: International
position: C

meta:
weight: 175
height: 70

note: played 9 games with Jersey City in 1914; 20 years old

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-03-06, page 7

---

name
last: Fisher
first: D.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
club: Rocky Mount
league: Virginia
position: OF

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-03-06, page 7

---

name
last: Foley
first: Roy

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-05-07, page 8

---

name
last: Foley
first: Roy

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: P

meta
throws: Right

residence
place: US, NY, Fort Slocumb
date: 1915

note: stationed at Fort Hancock in US Army

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-03-29, page 7

---

name
last: Ray
first: Carl

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: P

meta
throws: Left

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-04-09, page 12

---

name
last: Williams
first: Fleet

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: 1B

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-04-10, page 13

---

name
last: Williams
first: Fleet

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: 1B

affiliation
type: player
club: University of North Carolina
caliber: college

residence
place: US, AL, Gadsden
date: 1915

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-04-10, page 13

---

name
last: Williams
first: Fleet

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Gadsden
league: Georgia-Alabama

affiliation
type: player
club: University of North Carolina
caliber: college

meta
height: 72
weight: 175
bats: Left
throws: Left

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-03-06, page 7

---

name
last: Saunders
first: Harry

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: IF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Detroit
league: American

meta
height: 72
weight: 180

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-03-06, page 7

---

name
last: Steinbach
first: Freddy

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: P

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-04-26, page 6

---

name
last: Hunter

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
league: Blue Ridge

note: released

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-05-10, page 8

---

name
last: Baumgartner

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Norfolk
league: Virginia
position: P

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-05-18, page 6

---

name
last: Atkinson

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Greensboro
league: North Carolina State
position: P

meta
throws: Right

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-05-22, page 11

---

name
last: Burge

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Rocky Mount
league: Virgnia
position: P

meta
throws: Right

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-05-22, page 11

---

name
last: Baumgartner
first: Harry

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: P

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-06-25, page 8

---

name
last: Boggess

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
league: Middle Texas
position: OF

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-05-22, page 11

---

name
last: Carlisle

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Greensboro
league: North Carolina State

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
league: Middle Texas
position: OF

note: from semi-pro ranks in Columbus, OH

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-08-19, page 7

---

name
last: Gittings
first: Sammy

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: P

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-08-05, page 6

---

name
last: Kirke
first: Martin

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State

residence
place: US, NC, China Grove
date: 1915

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-05-08, page 10

---

name
last: Lile
first: Charlie

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Chattanooga
league: Southern Association

meta
height: 71

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-06-12, page 13

---

name
last: Mackie

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: 2B

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Newnan
league: Georgia-Alabama

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-04-14, page 8

---

name
last: Tally
first: Virgil

affiliation
type: player
date: 1913
league: Wisconsin-Illinois

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-04-19, page 6

---

name
last: McCord
first: Ike

affiliation
type: player
date: 1916
club: Raleigh
league: North Carolina State
position: 2B 

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1916-06-20, page 6

---

name
last: Mulvaney
first: George

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: C

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-04-27, page 6

---

name
last: Mulvaney
first: George

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State

affiliation
type: player
date: 1916
club: Charlotte
league: North Carolina State

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1916-04-17, page 10

---


name
last: Pace
first: Oris

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Raleigh
league: North Carolina State
position: P

residence
place: US, NC, Winston-Salem
date: 1915

meta:
height: 74
weight: 157

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1913-06-28, page 13

---

name
last: Parkins

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State

residence
place: US, MO, St. Louis
date: 1915

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1913-05-29, page 9

---

name
last: Yount

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: 1B

affiliation
type: player
club: Anderson

residence
place: US, NC, Conover
date: 1915

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-05-14, page 8

---

name
last: Yoder
first: Paul

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Greensboro
league: North Carolina State
position: IF

affiliation
type: player
club: Lenoir-Rhyne University
caliber: college

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1914-12-17, page 7

---

name
last: Yoder
first: Paul

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Greensboro
league: North Carolina State
position: 3B

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-06-25, page 8

---

name
last: Witner
first: William

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: OF

residence
place: US, NY, 
date: 1915

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-02-13, page 7

---

name
last: Witmer
first: Earl

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: P

residence
place: US, PA, Philadelphia
date: 1915

meta
throws: Left

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-07-07, page 8

---

name
last: Swann
first: E. J.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: C

residence
place: US, MA, New Bedford
date: 1915

source: Twin-City Daily Sentinel (TCDS) 1915-06-12, page 12

---

































































