name
last: Chalker

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

residence
place: US, FL, Greenville
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-01-15, page 2

---

name
last: Layden

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 1b

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Grand Rapids
league: Central

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

affiliation
type: player
date: 1913
club: Grand Haven
caliber: semi-pro

meta
throws: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-01-29, page 8

---

name
last: Patterson

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Muskegon
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-01-29, page 8

---

name
last: Koehler

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Boyne City
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-01-29, page 8

---

name
last: Stewart
first: Tiny

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-01-29, page 8

---

name
last: Williams

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-01-29, page 8

---

name
last: Bartels
first: Red

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-01-29, page 8

---

name
last: Moore

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-01-29, page 8

---

name
last: Kirk

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Traverse City
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-01-29, page 8

---

name
last: Pokorney

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: IF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Boyne City
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-01-29, page 8

---

name
last: Benson

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Boyne City
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-01-29, page 8

---

name
last: Shafer
first: George

affiliation
type: umpire
date: 1915
league: South Atlantic

residence
place: US, IN, South Bend
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-01-29, page 8


---

name
last: Pfirman
first: C.H.

affiliation
type: umpire
date: 1915
league: South Atlantic

residence
place: US, IN, Terre Haute
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-01-29, page 8

---

name
last: Parent
first: Rube

affiliation
type: umpire
date: 1915
league: South Atlantic

residence
place: US, MI, Detroit
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-01-29, page 8

---

name
last: Rossback
first: Claud

affiliation
type: umpire
date: 1915
league: South Atlantic

residence
place: US, MI, Detroit
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-01-29, page 8

---

name
last: Patterson

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

note: hit .314 for Manistee

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Nally

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

note: hit .323 for Manistee

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Layden

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Traverse City
league: Michigan State

meta
throws: Left
bats: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Hooper

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Greenwood
caliber: semi pro

residence
place: US, SC,
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Porkorney

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: SS

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Boyne City
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Durmeyer

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: SS

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Harris

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: SS

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Stuart
first: Tiny

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Kohler

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Boyne City
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Erhman

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
league: Appalachian

affiliation
type: player
club: University of Virginia
caliber: college

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Gardin
first: Bert

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Moore

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

note: had a record of 16-2 in 1914

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Bartell 

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

note: had a record of 8-3 in 1914

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Plympton

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Kearney
league: Nebraska State

affiliation
type: player
date: 1913
league: Nebraska State

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Schultz

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Poughkeepsie
league: Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Gilliam

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
club: Newport News
league: Virginia State

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Greenwood
caliber: semi-pro

residence
place: US, SC, 
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8


---

name
last: Corley

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, SC, Graniteville
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-02-07, page 8

---

name
last: Green
first: Roy

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P
position: OF

source: Columbia State 1915-02-09, page 7

---


name
last: Bernsen
first: Dutch

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charlotte
league: North Carolina State

source: Columbia State 1915-02-09, page 7

---

name
last: Stuart
first: Tiny

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

source: Columbia State 1915-02-09, page 7

---


name
last: Correll
first: Lee

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

source: Columbia State 1915-02-09, page 7

---


name
last: Finnegan
first: Billy

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: IF

source: Columbia State 1915-02-09, page 7

---
name
last: Lake
first: Joe

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

source: Columbia State 1915-02-09, page 7

---

name
last: Gardin
first: Bert

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-02-09, page 7

---

name
last: Lewis
first: Connie

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

note: picture 

source: Columbia State 1915-03-05, page 8

---

name
last: Correll
first: Lee

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
club: North Carolina State University
caliber: college

source: Columbia State 1915-03-05, page 8

---

name
last: Porkorney
first: M.L.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: IF


residence
place: US, MI, Boyne City
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Patterson
first: G. W.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

residence
place: US, MI, Jackson
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Gilliam
first: C.G.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, SC, Carlisle
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Gardin
first: Bert
given: D. A.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, SC, Union
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Moore
first: R. C.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, TX, Texarkana
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Kohler
first: Arthur

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

residence
place: US, IL, Sibley
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Layden
first: Eugene

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

residence
place: US, PA, Pittsburgh
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Kirk
first: M. M.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: IF

residence
place: US, FL, Dunedin
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Alvarez
first: Philip

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, FL, Tampa
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Finnegan
first: William

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: IF

residence
place: US, NC, Pinehurst
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Becker
first: William
given: William H.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: IF

residence
place: US, OH, Sandusky
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Hooper
first: L. E.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

residence
place: US, SC, Piedmont
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Schulz
first: Martin

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, IN, Whiting
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Green
first: Roy
given: Roy J.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P
position: OF

residence
place: US, MI, Flint
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Stuart
first: Tiny

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

residence
place: US, NC, Greensboro
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Bernsen
first: Dutch

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic


residence
place: US, MO, St. Louis
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Mitchell
first: R. W.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, IA, Clinton
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Muldrow
first: H. G.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

residence
place: US, SC, Bishopville
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: O'Brien
first: F. C.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: IF

residence
place: US, PA, Philadelphia
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Corley

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, SC, Graniteville
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Lake
first: M.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic


residence
place: US, FL, Jacksonville
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Correll
first: Lee

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

residence
place: US, NC, Lumberton
date: 1915

affiliation
type: player
club: North Carolina State University
caliber: college

source: Columbia State 1915-03-11, page 2

---

name
last: Lewis
first: Connie

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-03-12, page 6

---

name
last: Williams

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, IN, Elkhart
date: 1915

meta
throws: Right

source: Columbia State 1915-03-13, page 8

---

name
last: Prian

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, IN, Elkhart
date: 1915

meta
throws: Right

source: Columbia State 1915-03-13, page 8

---

name
last: Bartelle

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, WI, 
date: 1915

meta
throws: Right

source: Columbia State 1915-03-13, page 8

---

name
last: Kollinger

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 1b

residence
place: US, IN, Elkhart
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-13, page 8

---

name
last: Mitchell

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Clinton
league: Central Association
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-03-13, page 8

---

name
last: Moore
first: Bob

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
league: Michigan State
position: P

affiliation
type: player
club: Washington & Lee University
caliber: college

residence
place: US, TX, Texarkana 
date: 1915

meta
throws: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-03-14, page 10

---

name
last: Williams

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State
position: P

meta
throws: Right

source: Columbia State 1915-03-14, page 10

---

name
last: Bartell

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State
position: P

meta
throws: Right

source: Columbia State 1915-03-14, page 10

---

name
last: Lewis
first: Connie
given: Earle

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1909
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-03-14, page 8

---

name
last: Kallinger

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

meta
throws: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-03-14, page 8

---

name
last: Gilliam

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
league: Virginia

affiliation
type: player
club: Greenwood
caliber: semi-pro

residence
place: US, SC, Greenwood
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 5

---

name
last: Dantzler

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

residence
place: US, SC, St. Matthews
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 5

---

name
last: Corley

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

residence
place: US, SC, Graniteville
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 5

---

name
last: Finnegan
first: Billy

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 5

---

name
last: Basham
first: Red

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: C

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 7

---

name
last: Powell
first: Buster

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: C

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 7

---

name
last: Martin
first: George

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 7

---

name
last: Foster
first: Eddie
nick: Babe

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 7

---

name
last: Lowery
first: Dick

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 7

---

name
last: Munn
first: Norman

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 7

---

name
last: Bope
first: George

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 7

---

name
last: Mack
first: George

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: 2B

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 7

---

name
last: Moore
first: Dick

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: 2B

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 7

---

name
last: Bowden
first: James
given: James H.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: 3B

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 7

---

name
last: O'Brien
first: J. J.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 7

---

name
last: Wall
first: Thomas
given: Thomas H.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 7

---

name
last: Myer
first: Joseph

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 7

---

name
last: Stinson
first: George

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 7

---

name
last: Taylor
first: Buck

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-03-16, page 7

---

name
last: DuBose
first: Pierce

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-03-17, page 9

---

name
last: Cane
first: Emmett

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-03-17, page 9

---

name
last: Wood
first: Joe

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-03-17, page 9

---

name
last: Mitchell

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
league: Central Association
position: P

residence
place: US, CA, 
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-20, page 6

---

name
last: O'Brien

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 2B

residence
place: US, PA, Philadelphia
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-20, page 6

---

name
last: Becker

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: IF

residence
place: US, OH, Sandusky
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-20, page 6

---

name
last: Patterson

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

affiliation
type: player
club: Traverse City
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-03-20, page 6

---

name
last: Kirk

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 2B

residence
place: US, NC, China Grove
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-20, page 6

---

name
last: Bartels
first: Floyd

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
league: Wisconsin-Illinois

meta
throws: Right

source: Columbia State 1915-03-21, page 7

---

name
last: Williams
first: Ray

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
league: Wisconsin-Illinois

meta
throws: Right

source: Columbia State 1915-03-21, page 7

---

name
last: Mitchell
first: Bob

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
league: Central Association

meta
throws: Right

source: Columbia State 1915-03-21, page 7

---

name
last: Moore
first: Bob

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
league: Michigan State

affiliation
type: player
league: Southern Michigan

meta
throws: Left

residence
place: US, TX, 
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-21, page 7

---

name
last: Alverez

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

meta
throws: Right

residence
place: CU, , 
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-21, page 7

---

name
last: Koehler
first: Art

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

meta
throws: Left

residence
place: US, IL, Siblie 
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-21, page 7

---


name
last: Layden
first: Lefty

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF
position: 1B

meta
throws: Left
bats: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-03-21, page 7

---

name
last: Kirk
first: H. H.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF
position: IF

affiliation
type: player
league: Kentucky-Illinois-Tennessee

residence
place: US, NC,  
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-21, page 7

---

name
last: O'Brien

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 2B

residence
place: US, PA, Philadelphia
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-21, page 7

---

name
last: Becker

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: SS

residence
place: US, OH, Sandusky
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-21, page 7

---

name
last: Patterson

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
league: Michigan State

residence
place: US, MI, Jackson
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-21, page 7

---

name
last: Brian

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

meta
throws: Right

source: Columbia State 1915-03-21, page 7

---

name
last: Kollinger

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

residence
place: US, IN, Elkhart
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-21, page 7

---

name
last: Lake
first: Joe

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B
position: OF

residence
place: US, FL, Jacksonville
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-23, page 5

---

name
last: Lewis
first: Connie

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: umpire
date: 1914
league: Virginia

source: Columbia State 1915-03-23, page 5

---

name
last: Nally

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
league: Michigan State

residence
place: US, OH, Toronto
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-23, page 5

---

name
last: Lee
first: Raymond

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State
position: P

residence
place: US, NC, Asheville
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-26, page 11

---

name
last: Hooper

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

residence
place: US, SC, Greenwood
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-27, page 6

---

name
last: Poole

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

residence
place: US, SC, Piedmont
date: 1915


source: Columbia State 1915-03-27, page 6

---

name
last: Lake
first: Joe

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

source: Columbia State 1915-04-01, page 6

---

name
last: Williams
first: Dick

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-04-02, page 8

---

name
last: Finnegan
first: Billy

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 3B

source: Columbia State 1915-04-02, page 8

---

name
last: Stuart
first: Tiny

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

residence
place: US, NC, Greensboro
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-04-05, page 7

---

name
last: McMillan
first: Tommy
given: Thomas S.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1913
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
club: University of South Carolina
caliber: college

residence
place: US, SC, Ulmer
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-04-07, page 8

---

name
last: DuBose
first: Pierce

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1913
club: University of South Carolina
caliber: college

affiliation
type: player
date: 1912
club: University of South Carolina
caliber: college

meta
throws: Left

residence
place: US, SC, Bishopville
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-03-18, page 7

---

name
last: Gardin
first: Bert

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-04-09, page 8

---

name
last: Mitchell
first: Bob

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-04-09, page 8

---

name
last: O'Brien
first: Micky

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 2B

residence
place: US, PA, Philadelphia
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-04-09, page 8

---

name
last: Williams
first: Dick

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-04-09, page 8

---

name
last: Perritt
first: Olin

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Asheville
league: North Carolina State
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Greensboro
league: North Carolina State

affiliation
type: player
club: University of South Carolina
caliber: college
position: P

residence
place: US, SC, Lamar
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-04-09, page 8

---

name
last: Moore
first: Bob

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-04-09, page 8

---

name
last: McCoy

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Asheville
league: North Carolina State

affiliation
type: coach
club: Wofford College
caliber: college

source: Columbia State 1915-04-10, page 6

---

name
last: Kirk

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF
position: IF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Asheville
league: North Carolina State

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
league: Michigan State

residence
place: US, NC, China Grove
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 11

---

name
last: Prien

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, IN, Elkhart
date: 1915

note: released

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 11

---

name
last: Gilliam

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, SC, Whitmire
date: 1915

note: released

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 11

---

name
last: Correll
first: Lee

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Muldrow

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Koehler

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Boyne City
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Williams

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Bartell

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Moore

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Pokorney

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: SS

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Layden

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Patterson

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
club: Traverse City
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Mitchell

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Clinton
league: Central Association

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Gaston
first: Dave

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Reynolds
first: Ham

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: C

affiliation
type: player
club: Columbus
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
league: Texas League

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Waycross
league: Florida-Alabama-Georgia

note: released

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Pierre

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: C

affiliation
type: player
league: Georgia State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Burmeister

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Crowder
first: Ned

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: SS

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Hill

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

affiliation
type: player
league: Georgia State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Scott

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: 2B

affiliation
type: player
league: Georgia State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Cueto
first: Manuel

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: 3B

affiliation
type: player
league: Federal

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Carroll
first: Dixie

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: CF

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Fox
first: Jim

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Krebs
first: Roy

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbus
league: South Atlantic
position: C

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Lipe
first: Perry
given: Perry H.

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Savannah
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Short

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Savannah
league: South Atlantic


affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Durham
league: North Carolina State

meta
bats: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Norcott

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Savannah
league: South Atlantic
position: RF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Summerlin

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Savannah
league: South Atlantic

note: worked for Savannah fire department

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Alton

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic
position: P

meta
throws: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Pratt

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Americus
league: Georgia State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Prough
first: Grover

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Holland
first: Sid

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic
position: 2B

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: LaGrange
league: Georgia-Alabama

name
last: Holland
first: Harry

relationship
name1: Sid
name2: Harry
relationship-type: brother

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Bloom

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic
position: ss

note: played for Pennsylvania semi-pro team in 1914

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Wells
first: Phil

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic
position: C

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Hodge
first: Red

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic
position: ss

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Talladega
league: Georgia-Alabama

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
league: Ohio State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Reagan
first: Rip

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1914
club: Cordele
league: Georgia State

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1913
club: Cordele
league: Georgia State

affiliation
type: player
club: University of Georgia
caliber: college

affiliation
type: player
club: Emory University
caliber: college

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Cox

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, AL, Birmingham
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Taylor
first: Buck

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Eubanks

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic
position: C

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Cordele
league: Georgia State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Brazier

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic
position: RF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Cordele
league: Georgia State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Tyson

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic
position: RF

residence
place: US, GA, Savannah
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Stone

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Winchell

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic


source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Dudley
first: Martin
given: Martin G.

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: C

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1914
club: Thomasville
league: Georgia State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Johnson
first: Roy

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: C

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Owensboro
league: Kentucky-Illinois-Tennessee
position: C

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Davenport
first: Mitchell

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Thomasville
league: Georgia State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Champlain
first: Harry

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: 3B

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Thomasville
league: Georgia State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Ogren
first: Arthur

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: 2B

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
league: Kentucky-Illinois-Tennessee

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Kelly
first: James

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Smith
first: Ted

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Ezell
first: Ed

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: CF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Burgess
first: Grady

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: RF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Stone
first: Lee

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Neyenhouse
first: Jerry

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: McManus
first: Joe

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Durham
league: North Carolina State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Winchell
first: Frank

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Augusta
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Stinson
first: George

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Foster

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic

meta
throws: Right

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Martin

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic

meta
throws: Right

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Lowry
first: Dick

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: P

meta
throws: Right

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Mathieu

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic

meta
throws: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Mays

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: P

meta
throws: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Munn
first: Norman

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Bowden
first: Timon

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: LF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-11, page 10

---

name
last: Gardin
first: Albert

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

meta
throws: Left

note: picture/sketch

source: Columbia State 1915-04-12, page 7

---

name
last: Stuart
first: Tiny

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

source: Columbia State 1915-04-12, page 7

---

name
last: Lake
first: Joe

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

note: picture

source: Columbia State 1915-04-12, page 7

---

name
last: Bernsen
first: Dutch

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 2B

note: picture

source: Columbia State 1915-04-12, page 7

---

name
last: Finnegan
first: Billy

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 3B

source: Columbia State 1915-04-12, page 7

---

name
last: Ezell
first: Ned

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: CF

affiliation
type: player
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-12, page 7

---

name
last: Winchell
first: Big

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-12, page 7

---

name
last: Norcum
first: Frank

affiliation
type: umpire
date: 1915
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1910
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

note: of Native American descent

source: Columbia State 1915-04-12, page 7

---

name
last: Williams
first: Dick

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-04-14, page 8

---

name
last: Alverez

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

note: released

source: Columbia State 1915-04-15, page 8

---

name
last: Layden
first: Lefty

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

meta
throws: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-04-15, page 6

---

name
last: Price

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, FL, Jacksonville
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-04-15, page 6

---

name
last: Nally
first: Pick

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

note: picture

source: Columbia State 1915-04-19, page 7

---

name
last: Muldrow

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

residence
place: US, SC, Bishopville
date: 1915

note: released

source: Columbia State 1915-04-19, page 7

---

name
last: Gust
first: Red

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Savannah
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

source: Columbia State 1915-04-22, page 8

---

name
last: Winston
first: Ed

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Savannah
league: South Atlantic
position: LF

affiliation
type: player
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-22, page 8

--

name
last: Patterson
first: G. W.

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
league: Michigan State

source: Columbia State 1915-04-22, page 8

---

name
last: Alton

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic
position: P

meta
throws: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-04-23, page 8

---

name
last: Moore
first: Bob

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-04-24, page 6

---

name
last: Cox

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic
position: P

residence
place: US, AL, Birmingham
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-04-24, page 6

---

name
last: Pearson
first: Overton

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-04-25, page 10

---

name
last: Williams
first: Dick

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

note: released 

source: Columbia State 1915-04-25, page 10

---

name
last: Koehler
first: Big

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

note: released 

source: Columbia State 1915-04-25, page 10

---

name
last: May

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: P

meta
throws: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-04-28, page 

---

name
last: Ezell
first: Ned

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-04-29, page 

---

name
last: Winchell
first: Frank

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: P

meta
throws: Right

note: released

source: Columbia State 1915-04-30, page 8

---

name
last: Hudnall

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Mobile
league: Southern Association

source: Columbia State 1915-04-30, page 8

---

name
last: Tesch

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: SS

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Little Rock
league: Southern Association

source: Columbia State 1915-05-01, page 2

---

name
last: Moore

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charlotte
league: North Carolina State

source: Columbia State 1915-05-02, page 10

---

name
last: Pokorney

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: IF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charlotte
league: North Carolina State

source: Columbia State 1915-05-02, page 10

---

name
last: Martin
first: George

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-05-02, page 10

---

name
last: Smith

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Nashville
league: Southern Association

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
league: Wisconsin-Illinois

note: went 17-3 in W-I League

source: Columbia State 1915-05-03, page 7

---

name
last: Lewis
first: Connie

affiliation
type: umpire
date: 1915
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-04, page 8

---

name
last: Norcum
first: Frank

affiliation
type: umpire
date: 1915
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-04, page 8

---

name
last: Harbison
first: Douglas

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1911
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
league: Southern Association

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Charlotte
league: North Carolina State

source: Columbia State 1915-05-04, page 8

---

name
last: Correll
first: Lee

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
club: North Carolina State University
caliber: college


source: Columbia State 1915-05-05, page 8

---

name
last: Stuart
first: Tiny

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

residence
place: US, NC, Greensboro
date: 1915


source: Columbia State 1915-05-05, page 8

---

name
last: Alton

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic
position: P

meta
throws: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-05-09, page 10

---

name
last: Connolly

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

affiliation
type: player
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Brooklyn
league: Federal

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: New Britain
league: Eastern Association

source: Columbia State 1915-05-10, page 7

---

name
last: Nipper

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

residence
place: US, GA, Macon
date: 1915

note: Macon amateur player

source: Columbia State 1915-05-13, page 8

---

name
last: Lowry
first: Dick

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-15, page 6

---

name
last: Finnegan
first: Bill

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-15, page 6

---

name
last: May

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: P

meta
throws: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-05-15, page 6

---

name
last: Lake
first: Joe

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-15, page 6

---

name
last: Correll
first: Lee

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-15, page 6

---

name
last: Jaynes

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: North Carolina State University
caliber: college

source: Columbia State 1915-05-15, page 6

---

name
last: Williams
first: Ora

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-05-16, page 10

---

name
last: Martin
first: George

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-05-18, page 8

---

name
last: Cueto
first: Manuel

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: LF

source: Columbia State 1915-05-19, page 8

---

name
last: Connolly
first: Chuck

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-20, page 5

---

name
last: Baumgardner
first: George

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Mobile
league: Southern Association

source: Columbia State 1915-05-20, page 5

---

name
last: Mitchell
first: Bob

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-05-21, page 8

---

name
last: Prough
first: Grover

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-21, page 8

---

name
last: Wells
first: Phil

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-21, page 8

---

name
last: Erwin
first: Zeke

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-21, page 8

---

name
last: Lawrence

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Columbus
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-21, page 8

---

name
last: Burgess

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic
position: RF

affiliation
type: player
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-21, page 8

---

name
last: Manush
first: Frank

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-21, page 8

---

name
last: Winchell
first: Frank

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-21, page 8

---

name
last: Lauzon
first: Ed

affiliation
type: umpire
date: 1915
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-21, page 8

---

name
last: Woolfe
first: Jesse

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Savannah
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-05-21, page 8

---

name
last: Winchell
first: Frank

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-05-22, page 5

---

name
last: Erwin
first: Zeke

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-22, page 5

---

name
last: Taylor
first: Buck

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic
position: p

source: Columbia State 1915-05-22, page 5

---

name
last: Lowry
first: Dick

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: p

residence
place: US, GA, 
date: 1915

note: released

source: Columbia State 1915-05-23, page 5

---

name
last: Spaid
first: Muriel

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: p

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic
position: p

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: p

source: Columbia State 1915-05-23, page 5

---

name
last: Alton

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic
position: p

meta
throws: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-05-24, page 7

---

name
last: Fox
first: Jim

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Columbus
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-25, page 8

---

name
last: Krebs
first: Ray

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbus
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-25, page 8

---

name
last: Voss
first: John
given: John Dee

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbus
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-25, page 8

---

name
last: Spaid
first: Muriel

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-29, page 6

---

name
last: Connolly
first: Chuck

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-29, page 6

---

name
last: Bernsen
first: Dutch

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-29, page 6

---

name
last: Clark
first: Bill
given: J. Langdon

affiliation
type: player
date: 1910
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: p

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1911
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1912
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-05-29, page 6

---

name
last: Gooch
first: Lee

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Savannah
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Raleigh
league: North Carolina State

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Wake Forest University
caliber: college

source: Columbia State 1915-06-01, page 8

---

name
last: Handiboe
first: Al

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Savannah
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

source: Columbia State 1915-06-01, page 8

---

name
last: Winchell

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-06-01, page 8

---

name
last: Burgess

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Savannah
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-06-01, page 8

---

name
last: Kelly

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-06-01, page 8

---

name
last: Laval
first: Bill

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
league: Virginia

affiliation
type: player
league: Texas

residence
place: US, SC, Columbia 
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-06-01, page 8

---

name
last: Patterson

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charlotte
league: North Carolina State

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Winston-Salem
league: North Carolina State

source: Columbia State 1915-06-01, page 8

---

name
last: May

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: p

meta
throws: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-06-03, page 6

---

name
last: Fillingem
first: Dana

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic
position: p

source: Columbia State 1915-06-05, page 6

---

name
last: Hitchcock

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic
position: p

affiliation
type: player
club: University of Georgia
caliber: college
position: p

source: Columbia State 1915-06-05, page 6

---

name
last: Smith
first: Ted

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

note: released

source: Columbia State 1915-06-08, page 8

---

name
last: Handiboe
first: Al

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Savannah
league: South Atlantic

note: new manager

source: Columbia State 1915-06-10, page 8

---

name
last: Norcum
first: Frank

death
date: 1915

affiliation
type: umpire
date: 1915
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1910
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: umpire
league: Virginia

residence
place: US, VA, Norfolk
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-06-14, page 7

---

name
last: Laval
first: Bill

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-06-17, page 8

---

name
last: Foster
first: Eddie

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-06-24, page 5

---

name
last: Stinson
first: George

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-06-24, page 5

---

name
last: Laval
first: Billie

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: OF

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Shreveport
league: Texas

residence
place: US, SC, Columbia
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-06-28, page 7

---

name
last: Pearson
first: Overton

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Jacksonville
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-06-28, page 7

---

name
last: Wells
first: Phil

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic
position: CF

source: Columbia State 1915-07-02, page 8

---

name
last: Woolfe
first: Jesse

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-07-03, page 5

---

name
last: Thomas
first: Ira

affiliation
type: scout
date: 1915
club: Philadelphia
league: American

source: Columbia State 1915-07-01, page 8

---

name
last: Lake
first: Joe

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

residence
place: US, FL, Jacksonville
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-07-04, page 8

---

name
last: Kreps
first: Barney

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 2B

residence
place: US, SC, Columbia
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-07-04, page 8

---

name
last: Erwin
first: Zeke

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic
position: C

source: Columbia State 1915-07-04, page 8

---

name
last: Hoey
first: Jack

affiliation
type: umpire
date: 1915
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1912
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

affiliation
type: player
date: 1913
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-07-05, page 7

---

name
last: Farris

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 2B

affiliation
type: player
league: Georgia State

source: Columbia State 1915-07-06, page 8

---

name
last: Nipper
first: Sam

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 2B

source: Columbia State 1915-07-07, page 8

---

name
last: Hartsell
first: Harry

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic
position: 2B

affiliation
type: player
club: North Carolina State University
caliber: college

source: Columbia State 1915-07-08, page 6

---

name
last: Connolly
first: Charlie

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: C

source: Columbia State 1915-07-09, page 8

---

name
last: Eldridge
first: Rube

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: P

meta
throws: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-07-09, page 8

---

name
last: Miller
first: Dick

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic
position: 1B

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Statesville
caliber: semi-pro

source: Columbia State 1915-07-13, page 8

---

name
last: Camnitz
first: Harry

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Savannah
league: South Atlantic
position: P

source: Columbia State 1915-07-15, page 5

---

name
last: Halford

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Augusta
league: South Atlantic
position: LF

residence
place: US, GA, Augusta
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-07-17, page 5

---

name
last: Nally
first: Pick

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

residence
place: US, MI, 
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-07-18, page 8

---

name
last: Bernsen
first: Dutch

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-07-18, page 8

---

name
last: Stinson
first: George

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: manager
date: 1915
club: Norfolk
league: Virginia

source: Columbia State 1915-07-19, page 7

---

name
last: Miller
first: Dick

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

meta
throws: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-07-19, page 7

---

name
last: Woodruff
first: George

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Albany
league: South Atlantic
position: RF

residence
place: US, GA, Columbus 
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-07-20, page 6

---

name
last: Gardin
first: Bert

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Charleston
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Portsmouth
league: Virginia

source: Columbia State 1915-07-21, page 8

---

name
last: Spaid
first: Bob

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Statesville
caliber: semi-pro

source: Columbia State 1915-07-21, page 8

---

name
last: Connolly
first: Charlie

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

residence
place: US, NY, 
date: 1915

source: Columbia State 1915-07-21, page 8

---

name
last: Layden
first: Lefty
given: Eugene Francis

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: New York
league: American

affiliation
type: player
date: 1914
club: Manistee
league: Michigan State

residence
place: US, PA, Pittsburgh 
date: 1915

meta
throws: Left
bats: Left

source: Columbia State 1915-07-21, page 8

---

name
last: Nally
first: Alva

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-07-23, page 8

---

name
last: Bernsen
first: Albert

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-07-23, page 8

---

name
last: Spaid
first: Merl

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic

source: Columbia State 1915-07-23, page 8

---

name
last: Laval 
first: Bill

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Columbia
league: South Atlantic


affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Morganton
league: Western North Carolina 
caliber: semi-pro

source: Columbia State 1915-07-26, page 7

---

name
last: Basham
first: Red

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Norfolk
league: Virginia 

source: Columbia State 1915-07-26, page 7

---

name
last: Martin
first: George

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Galveston
league: Texas

source: Columbia State 1915-07-26, page 7

---

name
last: Martin
first: George

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Macon
league: South Atlantic

affiliation
type: player
date: 1915
club: Galveston
league: Texas

source: Columbia State 1915-07-26, page 7

---






































